Android: App Bundle Documentation (#1009)
apache/cordova-docs: www/docs/en/dev/guide/platforms/android/index.md

| Alias                 | `--alias`         | The id specifying the private key used for signing
| Password              | `--password`      | Password for the private key specified
| Type of the Keystore  | `--keystoreType`  | *Default: auto-detect based on file extension*<br>Either pkcs12 or jks

> | Package Type          | `--packageType`   | *Default: apk*<br>Builds an APK or a bundle (.aab) file.<br>Accepts either `apk` or `bundle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Package Type          | `--packageType`   | *Default: apk*<br>Wether to build an APK or a Android App Bundle (`.aab`) file.<br>Accepts either `apk` or `bundle`
```

> | Package Type          | `--packageType`   | *Default: apk*<br>Builds an APK or a bundle (.aab) file.<br>Accepts either `apk` or `bundle`

Reviewer 2: Suggestion by @janpio, with an added word (maybe not needed), spelling fix, and a -> an (spoken language):

```suggestion
| Package Type          | `--packageType`   | *Default: apk*<br>Specify whether to build an APK or an Android App Bundle (`.aab`) file.<br>Accepts either `apk` or `bundle`
```

Reviewer: I mentioned it before: Link "Android App Bundle" to https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle for context.

Author: I have these suggested changes in a pending commit, including the Android App Bundle link

            "storePassword": "android",
            "alias": "mykey1",
            "password" : "password",

>             "keystoreType": "",

Reviewer 2: Too bad we have to touch multiple lines whenever we add a new entry to the end. I guess not so much that we can do right now:(
